Is it fair ahningeo're 100% beef taste the true eternal state of wonder
5 What the hell are you doing in America?
Oh, I wonder if the video is the best thing about breathing.
To relieve mothers' curiosity
Mac 10 Al also found a beef patty supplier
Director Hwang Kyeong-hak went directly to the frozen warehouse as a guide.
I took out the box and showed it to me.
McDonald's in Korea was supplying Australian beef garlic from New Zealand.
There was not one other way out.
I'm not 100% rumored.
100% beef was beef
After thawing for a period of time, it is made of petty without adding anything .
I was able to confirm the packaging process by eye
Can you show me the hygiene on the production floor ?
We have strictly controlled the control of footwear from footwear to footwear.
Even when entering the production site, disinfect the gloved hands again.
Gihayeo fully prepared to do from sanitary quality of meat depends bus pt
He said that he had 30 tests for genuine quantification.
Just in case you do not know whether foreign matter is
It was examined through an x-ray detector.
I make a happy room in my country
McDonald's in Korea is trying to deliver fresh hamburger bread to customers every day.
We supply baked bread directly from Korea in accordance with the amount of purchase, so that we can deliver quickly.
Top cheoro only confirmed the figure to move the reports from external contamination
A real tale